test cases for text mode functionality.
lsit
unneeded 
legislator lskdj slk slkdj asked 
Schulz lint slkdj s
lksjdslkdj 
lskjdlsj l
KLLKFJ  SLFJSDKF LSKF SDLKF LSKDJF LSKF LKDFJ slk

hello I am testing flyspell  mode.
I like the wat it works. 
pwds-suck
RAKK dac direct to head amp
leaf

slab
compete
definitely
# some personal defs.
xemacs
Panariti
AIX 

correspond

* lsa;kd a;lsdk ksjdhhf skdjf skjfh sjkf skjfh skjhfg skjhfg sjkhf skjhf
  skjdfh sjkhfg skjjjjh kjdhf skjdhf ksjdfh skjjhfg skjhfg skjhfg skjjhf
  skjdfhsjdfh skkkkkjhfg 

$ lksdjf sldkjf slkdjf slkdjf slkdjf slkdjf sldkjf slkdjf slkdjf slkdjf
  slkdjf slkdjf 

==> ;laskd a;lskd jlksajd alksjd alksdj alksjd alksjd alksjd alksjd alksjd
    ;alksjd alkjd alksjd alksjd 

o lksdj skldj slkdj slkdj slkdj slkdj slkdj slkdj slkdj slkdj slkdj slkdj
  slkjd slkjd slkj


??? skdj sdlksj dlskdj skldj skldj slkjd slkjd slkjd slkjd slkdj slkjd slkjd
    slkdj slkdj lsk

(font-lock-set-defaults)

* boooo

* hello

immature

ec

www.bushwatch.com

R core transformer
characteristics
crohns

"The English Patient"

euro dollar conversion

simpsons Halloween thirteenth month 


I would also be cautious about charge remaining in the caps after powering
the amp off.  Especially SP amps with their mega-farads of capacitance. Caps
can hold a charge for quite a long time after power is removed.  I don't know
if Mikhail has included circuity for some kind of fast discharge or even if
it is possible to decrease the discharge time to, say, a few minutes without
tearing a hole in the fabric of space-time.  Or at least without vaporizing
the amp and it's owner.

If anyone knows better, please let me know, so I can swap tubes without the
heebie-jeebies.

I use a paper towel to hold the tubes when inserting and removing tubes.
Hopefully, this is adequate for keeping the glass clean.

A

transconductance amplification factor


While this may sound complicated, it really isn't. Look at figure 1-28. Here you see in view A a
triode with a +1 volt input signal. At this grid voltage, current through the tube is at 1 milliampere. If the
input voltage is raised to +3 volts, current through the tube increases to 2 milliamperes. The change in Eg
(¨Eg) is then 2 volts. This is shown in view B. Suppose that the grid voltage is returned to +1 volt, and the
plate voltage is increased until the ammeter in view C reads 2 milliamperes of plate current. At this point
plate voltage is measured. Plate voltage had to be increased by 100 volts (350-250) to get the same
change in plate current (1 mA). The change in plate voltages (¨Ep) is then 100 volts. The amplification
IDFWRU  
 
RI MXVW WKH WXEH LV WKHQ HTXD

child's law

bones in ankle

vacuum tube design internal construction
rega apollo

Himalaya mountains age

Hi,

I'm looking for a new DAC to complement my new headphone amp and the RAKK dac
looks very promising.
What I'm wondering is: knowing the characteristics of said amp, is there any
way to optimize the connection to the amp?
I.e. to use the head amp as the output stage?

I am by NO means an EE (I'm a S/W engineer, which is almost, but not quite,
entirely unlike a real engineer), but it seems to me that:
1) I'd want something to block DC (xformer or cap?)
2) provide drive for 6/8" of IC
3) Match impedance to amp's input.

It seems to me, again in my role as one ignorant of all things analog,
that these are provided by your passive output stage.  But it also probably
follows good engineering practices and so is "over designed" in order
to work with a wide range of downstream components.  In particular the 2.0V
output level.

So if we knew that we'd be connecting to an amp with an input impedance of
~100K, what would be the minimum needed to interface to the amp?

While typing this, I've just thought that the input section of your toob
stage is pretty much what I would need.  No?
Especially since the head amp is a tube design.

signed,

Curious in Reading

davep.af-tech@meduseld.net

afwarehouse-ideazon-mouse-and-fang-keypad.ps
indulgence
electromagnetism relativity

sanitarium

(Pardon me if this is double posted, I responded last night but haven't seen
it on the board yet, so here it goes again...)

First, the amp is a SinglePower MPX3.
If you're familiar with this amp, then you may know the answers already.
I know that the inputs are unbalanced.
The design is OTL, but I've seen some disputes about whether it is actually
SE or PP.  Dunno if these output details are of any use.

I don't know where the volume control is, but I've always seen it referred to
as an attenuator, so to me that implies after the gain stage.  

SP is snowed in, but I'll send an email in case they're reading email.
I can also ask on some other fora.

Do you think an "adapter" stage designed to mate with a known amp could
sound better than going thru a (redundant?) full-blown gain stage?

Conversely, is the active gain stage powerful enough to drive headphones
within some range of impedances?  
If not, any ideas about it?
(I saw something about this after exploring a bit more thoroughly)

Also, any plans for a USB interface?  I keep thinking that a 2 wire, 1 box
high end headphone system would be very popular.  USB from PC, headphones to
ears.  Clean and simple.  I'd also like to see a USB HD thrown in to make the
thing independent from the computer aside from a music player app.  Another
idea is to add a uController and LCD with an iPod-like interface and have the
worlds largest "walkman."  More like a "lug-man."  But, again, I think it
would be popular amongst (music|audi)ophiles for desktop use.  With a lug
home for newly ripped (fair use!) music.  Or lug it on vacations, business
trips, when checked into the audio asylum (oops: wrong forum), what have you.

ok, enough ramblin'...
thanks for your indulgence!

davep
